docs/easter-eggs.mdx, before:

---
title: Easter egg dimensions
hide_meta: true
---

<Callout>
    The intent of Easter Egg Dimensions is for them to be found naturally during play. This list is provided for your curiosity and reference material, but goes against the intent of the mod's exploration mechanics.
</Callout>

Like the snapshot that inspired the mod, Infinite Dimensions contains its own list of Easter Egg dimensions. Some of the ones present in the original mod were brought back, and others were created for the mod itself. This list serves as a reference for your exploration.

## Blue
![A forest dimension tinted with a blue filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/blue.avif)
- Key: blue

## Chaos
![A dimension composed of randomly generated terrain. Each block is entirely random.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/chaos.avif)
- Key: chaos

The Chaos dimension is perhaps the most stark reminder of the multiverse's penchant for randomness. The terrain is generated from completely random blocks, accented by a harsh green sky.

## Classic
![A dimension with vibrant green grass and a large brick pyramid.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/classic.avif)
- Key: classic

The Classic dimension is a reminder of a world long since left behind. Adventurers may note its classic structures and nostalgic terrain.

## Checkerboard
![A dimension with large black and white wool tiles and trees.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/checkerboard.avif)
- Key: checkerboard

The Checkerboard is perhaps the opposite of the Chaos dimension. Peak uniformity, a perfect pattern of black and white squares, accented by black and white trees. The denizens of this dimension are quite violent, if provoked.

## Content
![A skyblock dimension with a single Oak Tree and a chest.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/content.avif)
- Key: content

The Content dimension is comprised of single, familiarly shaped, island in the void, stocked with only a chest of rare resources and a single Oak Tree. A brave explorer might be tempted to live out their life in the dimension, using its meager resources to create something beautiful in the void.

## Credits
![A void dimension with a dark purple sky with credits text.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/credits1.avif)
- Key: credits

The Credits dimension pays homage to those who made this experience possible.

## Debug
![A void dimension composed of a flat grid of blocks.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/debug.avif)
- Key: debug

The Debug dimension generates an impossible grid of every block and every state in the game.

## Elephants
![An Acacia biome dimension with a description of elephants written onto the Grass.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/elephants.avif)
- Key: elephants

## Green
![A forest dimension tinted with a green filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/green.avif)
- Key: green

## Hills
![2024-05-04_17 22 38](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/hills.avif)
- Key: hills

## Library
![A dimension composed of vibrant rainbox bookshelves as far as the eye can see.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/library1.avif)
- Key: library

Composed of Boxes of Infinite Books, the Infinite Library is an endlessly repeating dimension. It can become easy to lose one's way, left to wander its infinite halls. The Box of Infinite Books, exclusive to the dimension, generates a random book when right clicked.

## Pride
![A vibrant paradise dimension with a colourful rainbow stripe. The water of a lake is dyed pink.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/pride.avif)
- Key: pride

The Pride dimension is a cutesy paradise. Explorers will note the literal "rainbow road" of dyed wool, the pink sky and vibrant natural life.

## Random Forest
![A forest dimension composed of different types of trees and tall mushrooms.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/random_forest.avif)
- Key: forest

## Red
![A forest dimension tinted with a red filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/red.avif)
- Key: red

## Skygrid
![A void dimension with random blocks arranged in a three dimensional grid pattern.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/skygrid1.avif)
- Key: skygrid

## Slime
![A dimension with bright green grass and Slimes with a variety of tints.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/slime.avif)
- Key: slime

## Spiral
![A dimension with a spiral land pattern, with Cherry trees.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/spiral.avif)
- Key: spiral

## Sponge
![A dimension arranged in the pattern of a Menger Sponge.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/sponge.avif)
- Key: sponge

What could have prompted the strange uniformity of the Sponge Dimension is unknowable. Its stark, unnatural appearance and orange-tinted sky make it a sight to behold.

Commit message:

added the nexus to lang files and advancements

docs/easter-eggs.mdx, after:

---
title: Easter egg dimensions
hide_meta: true
---

<Callout>
    The intent of Easter Egg Dimensions is for them to be found naturally during play. This list is provided for your curiosity and reference material, but goes against the intent of the mod's exploration mechanics.
</Callout>

Like the snapshot that inspired the mod, Infinite Dimensions contains its own list of Easter Egg dimensions. Some of the ones present in the original mod were brought back, and others were created for the mod itself. This list serves as a reference for your exploration.

## Blue
![A forest dimension tinted with a blue filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/blue.avif)
- Key: blue

## Chaos
![A dimension composed of randomly generated terrain. Each block is entirely random.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/chaos.avif)
- Key: chaos

The Chaos dimension is perhaps the most stark reminder of the multiverse's penchant for randomness. The terrain is generated from completely random blocks, accented by a harsh green sky.

## Classic
![A dimension with vibrant green grass and a large brick pyramid.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/classic.avif)
- Key: classic

The Classic dimension is a reminder of a world long since left behind. Adventurers may note its classic structures and nostalgic terrain.

## Checkerboard
![A dimension with large black and white wool tiles and trees.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/checkerboard.avif)
- Key: checkerboard

The Checkerboard is perhaps the opposite of the Chaos dimension. Peak uniformity, a perfect pattern of black and white squares, accented by black and white trees. The denizens of this dimension are quite violent, if provoked.

## Content
![A skyblock dimension with a single Oak Tree and a chest.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/content.avif)
- Key: content

The Content dimension is comprised of single, familiarly shaped, island in the void, stocked with only a chest of rare resources and a single Oak Tree. A brave explorer might be tempted to live out their life in the dimension, using its meager resources to create something beautiful in the void.

## Credits
![A void dimension with a dark purple sky with credits text.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/credits1.avif)
- Key: credits

The Credits dimension pays homage to those who made this experience possible.

## Debug
![A void dimension composed of a flat grid of blocks.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/debug.avif)
- Key: debug

The Debug dimension generates an impossible grid of every block and every state in the game.

## Elephants
![An Acacia biome dimension with a description of elephants written onto the Grass.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/elephants.avif)
- Key: elephants

## Green
![A forest dimension tinted with a green filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/green.avif)
- Key: green

## Hills
![2024-05-04_17 22 38](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/hills.avif)
- Key: hills

## Library
![A dimension composed of vibrant rainbox bookshelves as far as the eye can see.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/library1.avif)
- Key: library

Composed of Boxes of Infinite Books, the Infinite Library is an endlessly repeating dimension. It can become easy to lose one's way, left to wander its infinite halls. The Box of Infinite Books, exclusive to the dimension, generates a random book when right clicked.

## Nexus
![A beta-esque tunnel stretching to infinity with colored portals lining it on both sides](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1201286137843552378/1300551598283690097/2024-10-28_21.07.26.png?ex=67214090&is=671fef10&hm=78b54674cdc56fc9d87123eef6ed6be1753727b1ab83ac3661428bad4eb037b6&)
- Key: nexus

## Pride
![A vibrant paradise dimension with a colourful rainbow stripe. The water of a lake is dyed pink.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/pride.avif)
- Key: pride

The Pride dimension is a cutesy paradise. Explorers will note the literal "rainbow road" of dyed wool, the pink sky and vibrant natural life.

## Random Forest
![A forest dimension composed of different types of trees and tall mushrooms.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/random_forest.avif)
- Key: forest

## Red
![A forest dimension tinted with a red filter.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/red.avif)
- Key: red

## Skygrid
![A void dimension with random blocks arranged in a three dimensional grid pattern.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/skygrid1.avif)
- Key: skygrid

## Slime
![A dimension with bright green grass and Slimes with a variety of tints.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/slime.avif)
- Key: slime

## Spiral
![A dimension with a spiral land pattern, with Cherry trees.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/spiral.avif)
- Key: spiral

## Sponge
![A dimension arranged in the pattern of a Menger Sponge.](https://resources.godsted.com/modrinth/infinity/sponge.avif)
- Key: sponge

What could have prompted the strange uniformity of the Sponge Dimension is unknowable. Its stark, unnatural appearance and orange-tinted sky make it a sight to behold.
